This little guy has been photographed, you are finally here.
Agreed, I just prepared a gift for you.
Stay safe. Oops, you are just fake.
What gift do you give. That sister.
Today is Hong Ni’s fiftieth conferment,
Of course you have to be prepared. Send it home,
We finally returned to the banquet and invited District Chief Kai and his younger brother Jiang Yuan,
You take action to choose a specialist doctor,
You don't agree with him. Hu lost Duhai,
Taught him Nanshan. Hu lost Duhai,
Taught him Nanshan. OMG, Dragon Lord invites Kai.
You are so worthy that you deserve another life. Delivered this time.
Ten long move general
And a ten-carat diamond ring
It’s 72,000 million plus money based on the gift, right?
Not too rich
This person is one of the four great families in Kyoto
Wait until he catches my plague
It's enough for Chen Xili
Put up the ladder that hurts Naiba
Let him be relaxed
Today is Feng Yu’s samurai test
At the same time I want him to be our wedding partner
hope you will marry me
This year you will be able to stand inside
Sir, are you too unsure about this? Go ahead
Continue with Zhao
It's always the right place to talk here
Let's talk to Zhao Jialie
This allows our Chen Group to
Five hundred strong mailers emerged
As long as my wife doesn't want to
No one can be regarded as destiny
You can't even afford a gift for a Tuban specialist.
What can I use to pay the Zhao family?
Is the Zhao family qualified to pay the money?
No, I will give birth to you
It's so heavy, destroy it for me